Let's talk about scripting but what do I really mean by scripting.
This is just a general term to say that while we're writing scripts scripts using Python to do something
for us to use the power of the machines to help us be more productive more efficient so this section
is all about making our lives easier.
Understanding what the power of Python is what we've learned up until now and how we can use it to make
our lives easier.
We're going to learn about processing images really efficiently.
We're going to learn about working with files like PDX.
We're going to learn how to send e-mails with Python even text messages.
We're going to build a Twitter board.
We're also going to build projects along the way to show you all the cool things we can do with Python.
My favorite project that we're going to build is a super secure password checker to see if our passwords
have ever been hacked.
It's a really really neat project but the idea here is that with python using all these libraries and
modules that have been built by the Python community we can do so much.
So it's going to be a really exciting section and it's going to open up a whole world of possibilities.
Molly going to scratch the surface but I guarantee you by the end of it you're going to be really really
excited and truly understand the power of Python.
Let's get started.